[Music]
the last efforts of evolutionists yes
they are focused on the concept
of man's evolution from creatures
similar to monkeys over time
more than 6,500 species have lived
apes are mostly extinct today
120 species of monkeys are present
on earth
these 6,500 species represent one
rich resource for evolutionists they
have described the scenario
of human evolution by arranging one
part of the skulls that responded to theirs
in order of magnitude from the most
big to the smallest is infra putting you
the skulls of extinct human races i
evolutionists designate the so-called
first common ancestor of men and
of the australopitecus monkeys who
means the first South African monkey
australopitecus fossil was discovered
in 1924 by a paleoanthropologist called
raymond art
all the comparisons between the skeleton
of Australopithecus and the chimpanzee
show that there is none
obvious difference between them
evolutionists despite these discoveries
still state that although in
australopithecus have the anatomy of one
however they walked upright like a monkey
humans but also this claim
invalidated by two very famous
evolutionist paleontologists money
in short, zuckermann and charles box nard
all species of australopitecus are
extinct monkeys that look like
contemporary ones
[Music]
the fossils of the homo erectus and homo
ergaster homo sapiens imaginatively
classified by evolutionists as
of archaic species are actually i
members of different human species the exam
of these fossils reveals that they are not
different from contemporary men
[Music]
the only difference is noted in the
but the structure of the skull is the same
differences still exist today among the
different human species that live
currently in the world
[Music]
also the famous richard evolutionist
lee who notes that the difference between
the erectus man and the modern man is equal
to such a variation of race
differences are probably not that
spoken of those we see today
among the different geographical races of the
modern humans
admit however this fact is of the
all contrary to dogmatic philosophy
and to the ideology of evolutionists and yes
therefore they try to represent the homo
erectus as a half creature
monkey through a method of
deceptive propaganda in the
imaginary reconstructions persist
tenaciously in attributing to you yes
on the other hand you mix in these images
monkeys such as claustro pitecus all homo
habilis this method is humanized
conceals the attempt to bring them closer
monkeys to humans thus filling
the gap between these two
distinct living classes sometimes in
these imaginary pictures are
also represent the scenes of life
daily of these creatures
imaginary these illustrations
they completed the story of the ape man
imposed on the masses with an intense
media propaganda the most famous
scientific journals often do not hesitate
publish these reconstructions
deceptive and the family tree
imaginary format according to these data
false
[Music]
the imagination of evolutionists does not
it is limited to imaginary drawings
man monkey creatures have played a
role also in many performances
cinematographic but all this history
the only proof is generally a deception
it is no more than a piece of skull or
a tibia
starting from the remains of the bones one cannot
comment on the structure of the hair
of the skin of the nose and eyes
ears of lips and others
parts of the face
[Music]
instead evolutionists give shape to
these soft tissues they don't leave
track according to their needs
theory and in laboratories produce
imaginary reconstructions
human eyes are inserted into
skull of the monkey is covered
when the fabrics are shaped
necessary and you get a face of
monkey with a human look
and he was a professor at the university of
harvard writes to explain this
situation with a neanderthal skull o
ideas and possible to model with which
ease the features of a chimpanzee
features of a philosopher these
alleged ancient reconstructions
types of men do not have any
scientific value and serve only to
mislead the public
in short, all these designs and models
evolutionists do not represent anything else
than an Indian
actually the stories invented by i
evolutionists are so absurd as to
attribute to the same skull
even three times different ad
example the three different drawings made
based on the fossil said
australopithecus robustus sign antrops
they are a famous example of such
forgery
[Music]